Update: Prep Ladder & Instagram (#75)
riverar/wsa-app-compatibility: README.md

| iDOLM@STER Million Live! Theater Days | 4.0.401 | ⚠️ | Anything 3D with a moving background is broken, but everything 2D works perfectly | ARMv7 version is unusably slow, get ARM64 |
| iOS app (any) | | ❌ | Thanks for testing, Brad. |
| iPusnas | 1.5.1 | ✅ | | |

> | Instagram | 215.0.0.0.340 | ⚠️ || Can't reply to stories, Crashes oftenly when playing video stories or reels, Sometimes when playing videos whole app screen flickers | Issues not specific to beta version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Instagram | 215.0.0.0.340 | ⚠️ || Can't reply to stories, often crashes when playing video stories or Reels, app screen might flicker when playing videos | Issues not specific to beta version
```
